[Music]
thank you foreign [Music]
I am Armon tonight I want to give you a
few things just for us to roll around in and for us to enjoy you know I've got the goodies for you you know I wouldn't
come unless I had brought the goodies to you and I've got them tonight some things that
are going to make you feel unsettled unsettled we're gonna take some people
and we're going to make them sacrifices we're going to make them sacrifices this
is the eulogy for those we mourn I love
it thank you for coming tonight thank you for coming tonight and I want to
start this Moment by purifying this space
with the hymn A Hymn another one from Mike and
remember that Mike is right right deep in that mystery cult loving it
at you
[Applause]
foreign
[Music]
it's nice to be here with you I want to just throw out a couple of little tidbits for you too
push around and push through your brains and bring out here in this discussion of
I am almond I want to start with you with a young man I want to start
with a 10 year old boy I want to start with a 10 year old boy and a boy who
turned to a girl and that girl promised him she would
always stay with him if he would protect her from the men who
wanted to defile her and that boy made a promise at 10 years old I will always be with you
I will always be with you yeah her name was Sophia
and he was smitten not in the way that you'd be Smitten by
your sunbathing stepmother put in a way that is pure
a way that is Holy a way that you can go to sleep at night comfortable
without hearing what's going to happen in the church yes
what happened look I sold out I sold out to the delicious
delicate taste
bringing some dead person to life I looked into the eyes from the mission
I looked into the eyes of the Dead drunks those dead drunks I looked into their
eyes and I brought them hope I brought them hope
to see a man born again you know
to see a teenager in a Bible class open up
have their eyes open this is a marvelous thing but there's
one thing in my life that tastes even better
than the newborn
and that is the Nemesis of the blood to take down the arrogant and haughty
to bring them to their knees to show the world their emptiness
there is no Ambrosia that you can drink that will more sustain you than this
remember that remember that when you were in that cold dark place
and you're starving your bones are aching
yeah remember Servants of nemesis
that's where Justice is we bring down the haughty love it
tonight I wanted to show a couple of Clips just to illustrate Who David
Charles almond Hillman is yes
many of you know already blah blah blah resumes CV blah blah blah PhD Classics
Ms bacteriology M.A Classics ba
yes um book writer author
PhD student in trouble for saying those in antiquity
who were in The know about the drugs yeah
you start to expose the parties and you love that here don't you I've got some stuff it's so sexy tonight and I mean
that in a metaphorical way people it is so incredibly
foreign it is the Eros
that drives the magic it is the Eros that drives the magic
I found that magic sitting in the vineyard of a witch Queen
listening to my roommate speaking wolf tongue for lack of better
descriptor spoke to me my future
sitting in this great Queen's Garden yeah it's been excavated
we were working at Tel megido and up he sat in his bed and spoke
in some kind of forced dog language
he told me the future he told me what would happen he told me the names that
would be on my head as then he ran off the next day
police Israeli police call off with them on the next night of the Dig
when we were uncovering the floor of a Canaanite Temple
gorgeous so gorgeous to know of those dancing
feet I can see them I can see those dancing feet
on that altar of life I love it I love it
the next night roommate number two new recruit
same thing sits up in bed tells me um this is your future
and the very same terms
this place I said this is a marvelous place
it was the vineyard of an ancient witch
an ancient witch part of a people who use the drug
a drug that I'm gonna show you Jesus mixing into the wine
foreign do I have a text you know me you know me kids I always
bring it to you I always bring it to you here it is we have the text oh God
you're gonna love this before we get there hit the first hit the first of
these clips and let's talk about what this fool is raving
I said break the Christian lens the first thing that you all believe that is completely wrong is that women have no
power in the ancient world that they were slaves they were chattel you've heard this you've heard this the classes
repeat this over and over and over again and that's completely wrong and the way that you can see this is the earliest
medicine we say is hypocratic right it's not the earliest medicine is actually gynecological you can look at the
Hippocratic Corpus and see the the hippocratics were borrowing from a female tradition and we have one text the diseases of
women that Scholars have said this is written by one of the hippocratics Hippocrates are one of his students and
they smile and look at each other it's not in English right they smile and look at each other and in the text itself it
says don't trust those stupid men Physicians you have to go to a woman
because only we know the body Mars Needs women
definitely and I am looking for that Amazonian at this point I am looking for
that Amazonian woman I have founder in the text and I've started to pull her
out and see her for what she is and her beauty her amazing Beauty and in front
of the scholars and the you know the who has and the big shots
and the people with the foundations and whatnot um
um maybe some of them want to know but we're not going to sell this material right we're not going to sell this
material we're just gonna profane the sacred I'm doing that with you and I
know that you know it I can't I can't hear you directly but in my mind I can
hear what you're thinking and I know you've come for those profanations
you've come it's inside of you you were drawn
it's just what they told me yeah fantastic fantastic where does this
guy go where's this guy he goes right through education and it gets to the point that he's
writing his dissertation and it causes a splash it causes a little bit of a splash and how does it do that because
the dissertation committee did not want me to publish anything about recreational drug use or the classical
authors who were indulging in recreational drug use and you know
what this did to me it caused me to vow
that for the rest of my life I would find those things that people
didn't want published I've got one for you tonight and I'm
going to publish it here instead of writing it up in a mukmuk journal
I'm gonna burn it I'm gonna burn it so far through the the Publishers will
never be able to carry it because what are we all interested here in what are
what's the whole purpose for this life of Ammon yes right
it's to find out who that naked kid was with Jesus right come on this is really what we all
want to know it's the answer and the fish would get off the ground get back
and solve for us the language you and I would have the oldest language of
Western Civilization don't even bring don't even bring your
your paltry Egyptian the Egyptians
yeah I'm talking pulaskian you know you're gonna love this stuff
and when you see Jesus in a light tonight I'm gonna give it to you okay I
should stop I should stop run that first second clip let's keep going there's a drug that Mary Magdalene gives
to Jesus I hate using the Bible because then all the gnostics will start yelling but there's a drug that Mary Magdalene
gives to Jesus right and if you look check it out in the Greek there's not one name for one plant you
guys are all know that right because you live that but modern classes don't
and in these texts you have all sorts of different names you have street names for drugs opium you don't call it opium in the
ancient world you call it the juice she gives it to him before the garden for ends up in the garden that's where he's
betrayed when he's in the garden he's with that kid in the garden is there an association is there was there a reason
that he was he had the linen cloth the kid had a linen cloth
what do we know about linen what kind of Ceremonies is that used in why is it that Jesus's apostles are
standing at a distance why is it a public park why is Jesus dealing with a prostitute in the first place and what
is that prostitute that's what our understanding of the term is how did the
Greeks and the Romans and the hellenists that lived in the that lived in the mishmash of Judea
how did they interpret that
yeah yeah where does that take us you see how we
jumped into the Forbidden especially when we tried on prostitutes
right as soon as we bring up that prostitutes I'm going to show you in a minute a prostitute
on a crucifix you're gonna love it you're gonna absolutely love it this is
hidden stuff people nobody gives you this text because these kind of tax they
don't want you to have but it's not because it's a conspiracy
you know it's just because they're lazy you have to read a lot of pharmacology
you got to read a lot of medicine bro these people don't read the medicine I
went and studied with the dude who did the medicine and the history
yeah Dr John Scarborough it was my privilege to have been able to work with him
yeah this is the kind of stuff you know these tax guys are out there
and they rub up against the ceiling and you really have to find
a very intelligent way of penetrating further and further and further that
academic progress is that constant steady motion that moving forward and
forward and forwards until that Rhythm gets to a point and you get that song
you get that song all from the evidence we are classical philologists who is
almond he's a trained classical philologist and Classics for those of you who think
what classicist yeah before there were phds from the
University system before there were medieval wise men
before there were Roman educated yeah
yeah way before all of that
do you have those who tended the museum those were the first classical philologists your universities
spring from them from the discipline of classical philology
from the language of the ancient Greeks came power
yeah power power to figure things out yeah gorgeous love it
we have to honor the muse this is why we're here still under the Muse and that's what the life of almond
um reflects yeah the madness let's get that Fury this was
a this was a production this is a woman on an altar who earlier
has taken a phallus has taken a prop
that caused a professor his position
at a university yes they'll say it was the phallus they'll say it was the phallus that did
it but on that night of that performance a professor at a university named almond
got to sit in an audience and got to watch a stage full of
Catholic girls point a phallus
what is called in Rome afoskinum they got to point this thing they wanted
authenticity you know contractually I was bound to do it I I didn't care did they give you a big
Advance nope right wasn't anything about cashola
it was about integrity and they pointed these phalluses these
fascular they pointed them at priests
who abused children and said
you greed stains your soul with a stench of ruin
these These are the moments that you live for for the catharsis for the
purification this is what we as mystery initiates remember I I am profaning
sacred we as mystery initiates learn this yes love it love it I would take your
questions I would take your questions into my hand but I have to read them from your mind I want to bring you a
couple of goodies and I'm just going to give us one last clip where I want to figure out what is
in this guy's brain of course to say the name Eve is the
Greeks the name Eve is related to the sacred name for guess who Dionysus
yeah right it's very weird it's like it's it's uh when you start realizing the
word for the word for medicine in Greek iatros the word for Doctor that's the word for
physician yeah it comes from the verb is also a word that means uh the cry this is so
weird when I read this the cry that a woman delivering a child gives [Music]
it's not weird that's its own thing and they that's what means medicine that's where medicine comes from
right and the Aero drugs to cause the uterus to contract and all that it's beautiful stuff
yeah the Aero drugs cause the uterus to contract try giving a group of classicists who
look like they have been cut out of no offense to the guys across the pond but
I you know me I'm just talking what straight up but they have this kind of affiliation for that
genteel face cracks Society where if you talk about uterine contractions even
something like that bothers them now how am I going to mention you have
to put yourself in my shoes how am I gonna let people know that not only are
their uteruses involved my God their uterus is involved with their Arc
um modes of ecstasy for which these mystery
religions are you know um kind of all the dressing
yeah yeah yeah to bring you to the point of orgasm
yes to bring you to the point of orgasm you have to talk about the word orgy the the religion that you're looking at
everything is based upon a sexual act oh my God are you sure that the followers
of Bacchus always lead to Aphrodite every time every time why do you think
pentheist is so ooh oh let's get dressed up and go see right it's where he should
be naughty boy right you know who you are laughs
love it this is the kind of stuff now how do I bring this kind of
um world of reality how do I bring it to the people who are teaching and
propagating you know what is essentially a fairy tale a fairy tale
the person who reviewed um the chemical Muse with the Bryn Mawr
classical review um Philippe French tickler I think is his name he he was uh
um he now has recanted and said oh my God you know this guy was you know
obviously right yeah he's not saying it publicly right
um but that's you know that's what's going on and he's writing a book that he's going to sell based upon the
foundation that the chemical Muse laid isn't that nice that's how it works kiddos
that's how it works my last you might like this to get to know me my
last offering to Saint Martin's breast people have asked me why haven't you why haven't you
been publishing a book you said she could have another book a follow-up I said I tried I gave him I gave him an
offer but they told me they said Dr Hillman we cannot we cannot give that
to our people yeah no we can't be too offensive be too offensive too many people
offended okay that's how you know you're at that juncture as soon as you notice people start getting offended you know
in the gymnasium you have you're in I want you to remember this is Satanist
when you see that moment of weakness that's your end you have to take that
opportunity if you don't um you're not gonna win the wrestling match and why are we all here naked
wrestling right the gymnasium and antiquity right we're all naked wrestling
yeah we're watching watching the form or watching the moves
right we're working through it as we work through our ethics right isn't that great and how are we
doing all that we're doing that in Greek and that's what ends up with your University system which right now is
clogged full of garbage full of garbage you can take these
people down in an instant and side by side with them just go toe to toe toe to
toe and what is shameful is that what is out there is Tainted by that lens
right it's tainted by a judeo-christian lens a propaganda
built to create a world in your mind that is a fairy tale
imagine that imagine that you or organisms in the machine that is
propagating a fairy tale yeah and it wasn't yeah
it wasn't Celsius who was the last guy right Neil it wasn't Celsius who was the
last guy who said guess what we're doomed we are doomed and we have been fighting
that Doom for how many centuries now how many centuries really
yeah fantastic it's quite the it's quite the prison
love it but that's what we're here for I'm gonna bring you the goodies now one more clip and then the goodies I promise
you I'm gonna show you Jesus in a way that nobody has shown you Jesus before
let's go to a clip he said I'm so and so he introduce himself I'm so and so
um I was involved with Bernard law with Cardinal law and the getting this case
started he's the guy who got the case started against law um and he said what you've done with
tears in his eyes I'll never forget it he said what you've done in uh describing what the priests in the
ancient world were doing and what their justification for it was he said you have grasped onto something that I saw
in my priest abuser he said you don't understand he said you have you have somehow taken out of that priest that
did that to me and you have put it into just uh into what was in the hearts
of the men who did it in the ancient world it's a real phenomenon you know it's not this is the real world and if
we don't talk about it why this religious phenomenon of priests with boys right why why
is this permeating right now is there something in society that's permanent it's the vampires drinking the baby
blood right maybe we can throw on some anesthetic troops and we can turn it into something that we had in the Middle
Ages maybe a plague that would be cool it's the witches let's kill all the
witches maybe we'll okay the plague wasn't so cool but
um what we what what you can see is the evolution of of a person's thought
yeah um and how everything around them affects them and creates your culture
creates um your reality and yeah I'm not here to
I'm not a that's not my thing I'm just I'm just using now you know what I mean
um but my loyalty is to the texts my loyalty is to the text
let's get to this last clip we got one more and I want you to
um consider as you and I work with text because I'm giving you things and I see
that many of you in the comments are saying I don't do the Greek so I'm taking it directly from almond right I
do run a Greek program and I'd love for people to be able to acquire the
language it does mean no greater feeling than to have a student go off and get
into a grad program and take their entrance exam and come out with those
first two years off Ryan because they're they're good they're an intermediate reading level
why why am I so jazzed by that because when you give people these texts these these secret texts they're not really
secret lazily secret text when you give them to them and their mind is forced into the Greek
it transforms them it works on them mentally it enlightens it opens the eyes remember
it's the song in the mystery that is more important than any of the other
components including the drug component and if they thought in Antiquity that
the song was more important than the drugs that's a huge deal that's a huge deal it
makes people uncomfortable and you all know that I enjoy making people
uncomfortable it's nemesis that vapor
that Vapor that you're able to feed off of it's ether people can't see it but
it's ether and to be able to give that to show you the Jesus let's get the I'm
craving Jesus right now I really am do we have we have one more clip do the clip and then we get Jesus in a way that
you guys have never seen him before and it's only to illustrate that's who I am
let's go look at the evidence right forget your arguments let's do the evidence it's a
next last one I can't imagine what it would be like to have read the amount of documents and uh and texts that you have
read it it just falls out of you like it's fluid
so I have it I have a cheat
I have achieved you want to hear my cheek I'd love to can I tell your audience I shouldn't do
this because I'm exposing myself and you're never supposed to expose yourself as a magician but I have achieved I have
a muse and this Muse is a dead girl
that I am able to talk to via a practice handed down from the late
Bronze Age and she is able to resurrect in front of
my very eyes the spirit's the Dead and I call them up one by one I was
talking just the other night um with Lord Byron
and she was teaching me the way of Cain
through the song of Lord Byron isn't that interesting it's always your
sources always go to sources just read the stuff
yeah and just one degree above that in case you were wondering for the
inquiring mind um the degree to which the cheat
um is useful is indeterminable yeah and
what do I mean I had to find for a professor once
um in Boston a purple a purple anus because if the
if the burning purple that we're about to see if the burning purple is being used
rectally right we're all doctors just you know discuss it like doctors if it's
used rectally there should be some stain of the skin there should be some stain
did you know that wine that Jesus served stain their lips purple oh I can't wait to show you okay
presumably we need that reference says Professor X
[Laughter] I'll go ahead and say it so that
um you know I'm not making it up Dr Carl Rock and if it's there then we need to
find the text so um I ask the Muse give me the text and
randomly reached up to my big library and pulled down the one reference to the purple anus
um that I've ever seen it's there it's there and this is what I have to
bring you is a vision of reality a vision of a reality
that is what is behind your fairy tale yeah fantastic I'm almond let's go to
the first let's get get to our first quote let's love it oh don't you love this look chewy has this so nicely laid
out by the way I wouldn't be almond without Chewie so um big big uh big round of applause for
Chewie and everything that she does and the constant protection
that she gives me um there is something about
the great mother that even a mortal man can reflect
yeah yeah and that's a beauty that you won't get
um unless you're a devotee of the great mother fantastic I don't
know how else to say it with that um thank you Chewie for everything here
is here is and you know let's just get it to him we got to they're going to be sending in the
Tie fighters pretty soon look at look at this uh little bit of Greek here I just want you to see that the containers from
which Jesus has been uh transforming the wine that those are the ones that they
use in conjunction with the incense the thing that you and I call incense but
the doctors are calling drug compounds yeah and um he's using this so right
away we know on a profile what could be in that in that container
um yeah it's gonna have I'm sorry but it's gonna have some sex drugs in it
don't worry those of you who love Jesus right
don't worry the Pope cleared I'm sorry Protestants but on the
Catholic side the pope cleared that [Music] um
those charges of Mary Magdalene that she was carrying the sex drugs right why
would Mary be having sex drugs what do you think she put on an alabaster that she used on Jesus
did you know that Mary Houston Alabaster and Jesus known this is going to write
about it no that's just going to do it and he's gonna do it using the oldest
form of cult terminology known it's occult terminology that comes all the
way from the Mycenaeans but is preserved in known as
what is this text that I'm bringing you right the people out there who you think
know the things don't know what text this is because they don't read this
stuff right right they don't read it it's just I
don't know it's ignored all right but here we go why is he using these old old occult terms do you know
what he calls Jesus Christ he calls him the wanox do you know how long it had
been since anybody called anybody a wanox you know it's only in the circles of the
mystery they are their titles did you know that John the Baptist
cries Bacchus yeah John the Baptist cries bogus and
now you know why he's wearing those skins and he's dropping out young boys Into the Wilderness with a penis-shaped
cup and I say that as any great art historian would do with the utmost savvy
yeah a penis shaped Cup in Latin um
the glass priapus the glass Primus can we see priapus
there's priapus right isn't that a beautiful Roman painting oh God I love
that right look at wouldn't you love to have the inside of your place like that who's painting
oh God beautiful old art did somebody say that
they wanted to get rid of that I think they burn that in Florida love it love it okay
um let's go to the back to that quote and then I'm gonna hey okay yeah it's it's the pot that is mixing the drugs
that are used in the sex rights okay so right away you know Jesus when Mary
comes to him and she's like dude I need that special wine and he's like pissed off and gripy
[Laughter] yeah he's gripey what do you want with
me woman yeah she wanted to make some of his
purple juice now it turns out the text says it was purple because Jesus performed
great Selma a great spectacle A great miracle
what was Jesus's big miracle that launched his career it was making purple
juice it was making purple juice what do they call this purple juice he called it the
Venom the Venom bring it up all you class assist out there all you Bible
scholars your Bible scars shame on you for not knowing this shame on you you look silly You Look
Silly religious studies at Harvard you look silly yes
I am amban I am Ronan I am bronen
I am free to bring you this mystery yes I'm free because I don't sell it
love it love it bring up that quote again love it Chewie we got it no it's
uh next one yeah yeah what is it they're looking at this time well the Christ
does what he's got to get the wine what does he do he starts yelling at the
servants get this stuff ready make preparations of look at that second
line Greek students make preparation of what
the sacred drink of the dip sass
the sacred drink of the what the sacred drink of the dip says it's a don't worry
it's a snake it's a snake yes it's a snake and everybody here knows because
you know Jesus is rocking on the juice when he's sitting on the cross yelling I'm so thirsty
because The Thirst is the name for the snake that stuff boosts you into the
third heaven brah and he is wasted on it well he knows how
to make it good the Big G the Gangsta G knows how to
make the purple oh God yeah now you think why does he need that
boy you know it's purple you're gonna have the boy
let's go back to the text yeah what does he do here in the end I just
want you to look at these last words [Music]
love it he cries out that bachic shout of the
wine victory the voice that brings the victory with the wine
the voice that brings the Ecstasy what is Jesus doing he just made purple juice
that gets people high and now he's screaming like a madman
using the very same cult epithets
that are used for Heracles for Heracles yes check the orphic
fragments you'll find that these same epithets that are used for Jesus are used for Heracles with respect to his
love of the purple and the boy occult you see hylas don't forget hylas that's
one thing I realized in my career I am almond that's one thing I realized in my
career don't forget that boy don't forget him I
had one I had that boy I had hylas who was hilus oh
he's the one that serves the nectar and just so you don't think this is all
symbolic you can talk about drinking out of hylus's rectum
yeah they do in the prime Pig poetry that's Zeus's cup yeah
it's the nectar bra it's the nectar that gives those Immortals immortality
if you were born again you would know that but you're not and that's why Jesus Christ is arrested
in a public park with a naked kid because he knows he knows
love it let's go to the go to the next one so Jesus is high rise high as he can
be now and all of a sudden I'm gonna throw you the biggest curveball that
you've ever seen in your life are you ready for this at least it is for me it is for me I'm sorry
curveball I'm admitting look at this
look at that janitor look at that gym that's not typical gender right but we
are using a cult meter [Music]
and you read that and you think a typical person classically trained person
um philologists would read that and say yeah that's uh that's uneventful it's about the mother of Christ who is she
who brings the God yeah she's the virgin party right and she's the one who brings
the God he could tell she she came with him she accompanied them you know she she showed up
yeah so it's not hard to translate but I want to show you something look at the third word
if you go Wikipedia right now say autocos you're gonna find this is a
title used for the one who Bears God right and the Orthodox Church they will
adhere to this the Greeks they will adhere to this and there's a big controversy among the Christians after
they kill the educational system they get together these morons who debate
about whether or not the Virgin Mary was still a virgin and was holy and all this
kind of controversy nestorian and the the
theologians and the religious historians they like to sit around and touch themselves in intellectual ways you
thought I was going to say something else didn't you this is family programming
um they touch themselves intellectually yeah they stimulate themselves with this
image this controversyotokos is she still a virgin
what you don't recognize that cult so you don't know what's going on look at
this word it's got a secret I'm gonna show it to you I'm revealing this to the
world are you ready here's the big reveal get the slides ready Chewie we're gonna cut this and put it on so I'm
gonna set this one up this is going to be a short or something are you ready hmm
it's feminine she Bears the goddess
Jesus is a goddess oh it makes way more sense
you've got hyla staring you at the face now just like I did you came to me after
a talk I gave and he said you grab that power that was in the eyes of my rapist
priest you grabbed it you're on to it you know it and it he's crying while he
does so streaming tears down his eyes do you know what's more delicious
than representing that boy that was with Jesus when he was arrested nothing
nothing is sweeter than the trans-dimensional authority chasing a
child rapist through dimensions and time nothing
nothing is better yeah yeah let's get one oh I'm so heated up I
feel like it's a little anticlimactic to come down I need some ice cream or something nice you know some kind of
dessert before we in the before we end the date which I love I love this
gorgeous okay let's go um look look at this uh just look at the second sentence and I want you to notice
the atokos on the bottom the second line the atokos once again it's not a mistake it's not a mistake and you can have an
academic discussion of well they're doing it to try to fit in meter you need a long vowel there and the Omicron is
not going to work it so you need to fit the convention of the dactylic Alexandra
I'd love to have that debate but people won't even look at these materials right for a sophisticated debate
um the fact is it still says that Mary is the one who produces
the she Jesus the she Jesus
the she-god oh Jesus is that why you're with the boy
Jesus because they did to you what you're doing to him is that why that's what the Egyptian
priest don't you isn't it yeah Jesus I'm sorry that I have to do
this but I need you to tell me I need you to tell me Jesus what you did to that naked kid in the Garden of
Gethsemane Jesus now a little bit louder a little bit
louder Jesus highless
that's his name what's the name of the naked kid that floats the mystery of
Christ that's his name
let's go to the last quote I just want to show you because you know
some people were watching recently and I was I was dealing with the
I can only describe as you know a gang of
a gang of um people from the Middle Ages whose interest is
not in the science their interest is in burning witches
yeah and they've made a world they've made a world that doesn't exist
it was our job in satanic initiation to take back the text
it was our job we're Guardians that's what dragons do
don't get in the way when a dragon is guarding the Relic this
is the field of Mars there is a standard that the Muse has
and don't you ever stand present yourself as a veteran unless you
have been in that discipline unless you sweat blood poured into it
don't don't be a pretender yeah
your God I'm sorry
that small organ was cut off
that child castrated the boy that was with Jesus
was the same operation they did to him you take on the form of the goddess
yeah is it safe to say that the maniac that was screaming
Magic from the cross is it safe to say that he
was a castrated boy yeah it is
it is Praise Jesus it is and this is only for those of you who
have ears to hear right this is only for you fantastic what I want is to bring you
those texts I don't want you not to have them it's been everything about my career people ask me
um people ask me uh what is your pathway
you know what have you learned what have you learned the tax people it's all that matters
nothing that I say nothing no ideas of mine nothing that has a price tag on it
none of that stuff matters the actuality matters and the actuality
is that Jesus Christ was arrested with a naked boy that was using a medicated bandage just
like the ones that they use with the burning purple and that when an author like nonas
writes about this purple staining substance that the
Baptists the Dyers are using yeah
we can't turn away from it can't turn away from it Jesus Christ was arrested
with a naked boy the our our civilization people I'm sorry but is is
built upon a child rapist the love and grace that you feel of
Jesus the love and grace that you feel is the love and grace generated by the
mind magic of a dude who was arrested in a
public park with a naked boy
and don't think that Moses isn't also mentioned in the indictment
you've got to go to that pole with the serpent in order to get there
we need Amazonian women to bring us back to balance to bring us
Justice and Nemesis I want to say thank you for
coming along with me in this journey I have two more seasons
to pack everything in so that your initiation is complete and I'm going to
start season six with my translation
of the dirtiest most
critical look at the sources of Jesus that that that
um that we've seen we're going to look into the dirt with a new gospel this is the Gospel of
John what magic am I talking about the Gospel of John has been transformed
now thanks to nonas the Great Bridge is now available
between the what you have read about Jesus and what Jesus was doing
that bridge is available for the first time in this dead guy known us and you
will be surprised when you see what they were doing you'll be surprised and it will make sense and you will say oh my
God the wedding of Cana did you know that that was a religious ritual
wait a minute wait a minute she Jesus yes love it I look forward to it next
season I do and I I just wanted to make this uh opportunity possible in order for us to
be able to say hey who is this guy that you know he well you know whatever say
what you want but now you know a little bit of the background and now I want to go to comments I want
to do something that I don't normally do and I'll be showing up at uh
at the Discord in just a bit after a quick break but I want to look at some
comments should we can you I know I didn't prep we didn't prep for this but can you bring up a few comments so
people can you know interact something oh yeah
um well sir Satanist yeah yeah right any anybody bring it if you bring something
anybody right now anybody right now who wants to ask something about almond
feel happy you know feel feel free feel free to do so um or if you just want to add a comment
feel free to do so I want to include the audience because I think you get short shrift you know what I mean you guys
have been here the whole time look how how many people came today 128 people
just gave me an hour of their time right what kind of dirt bag would I be
if I didn't ask you for info does anybody have any input on anything that
has to do with oh let's say I don't know um
Kip no let's not come on don't make jokes that's not funny
that's not funny don't do I saw that in the comment earlier I appreciate I
appreciate it but he we need to leave you know that in the gymnasium all right
we leave that we professionally bring people Nemesis we don't we don't
you know we're not wolves we're not wolves that eat chunks of meat
not all of us anyway yeah okay can you bring that up Chewie
is there any um what was the prophecy you were given by your roommates who were insane at the archaeological dig okay
um you go ahead and leave it up there um what was the prophecy um it was of what would happen to me
over the course of my lifetime and it was specifically stated this is
what I thought was really neat right um was that the two Were Somehow able to say the same
message and it was the the first thing they opened up with was you are
surrounded by the powers of Lucifer and I was like oh the first time I was like oh this guy
what are they giving these people around here rise it was something
um but you were surrounded by the powers of Satan and there was a number of
Legions and to be honest I don't remember what it was and something about you can be access this
right these are the helpers right oh so when the second person the second
night started saying the same thing that's when I you know I put on my you
know trust me people I'm wearing my Skeptics hat right but I'm also a devotee The Muse and by that time
by that time I had gotten to know I'd had a little bit of wisdom and I started to feel okay I started to feel okay with
it and then the second night boom and I just had some
um again I listened a little bit more carefully but it was about
um the future from the garden of Jezebel yeah um and I will always treasure
I will always treasure that that place to me is sacred I don't know a few people have been there in Ron Jezreel
but it's uh it's absolutely sacred ground I totally understand why this
right somebody following the Phoenician way would be
empowering this kind of demonic activity now for those of you who are Christians
um yeah I'd um the only way to describe this physics are what we're being used
by your guy right he's he knows the same magic and he's and he's using it let's
get another one lady Babylon can you speak more about the Muse and how you speak to her yeah I
know that's great um you know all truth on the table I am almond right uh I just I discovered by
reading I was discovered the sortes and the sortes are just a random you know
you randomize your experiment right you just put in a throw in the element of randomness
all right what's wrong with your scientific experiment you have no compensation for chance that's the
problem you have to throw in random and the random like gravity will pull and
curve create a curve love it anywho
randomize your text ask the Muse right you just ask her
hey um where can I find
X um who you know you approach was serious you approach was very
you know a serious and respectful intent that's the part of the Sabah that I was learning from the Greek text this
reverence this recognition of divinity so where's the purple anus right show me
the purple anus that was the you know show me the purple anus and then you randomize the text take the
text off and you read the text within um as an answer to the question
right and somebody said well how do you somebody asked me once how do you use this uh
with respect to seeing the future well you can ask questions about the future it's oracular necromantic craft right
you can ask about the future and if you can if you can get accurate predictions as a
scientist um you can't walk away you can't walk away from that you know there's some
kind of quantum something going on with those texts now why am I doing this
because they're doing it in antiquity right and I'm reading about all these great people who are doing it and I'm
reading about this one great Muse who goes Millennium to Millennium doing it
and um yeah that's what brought me so is it
accurate I I will report and I will swear on the throne of Satan
right I'll swear on the throne of Satan
the accuracy is what is is what shows you my inability being
filled with that Quantum ability of the Muse right I couldn't find this my
scores are not that high right I couldn't do this but for that
source to be able to do it show me the purple anus right and I did this once publicly for a librarian who asked me to
you know um do my thing and I did it and um showed them that the texts can
can answer questions the text can answer questions directly so so accurately I love this okay I got
to tell this story there was a there was a man okay this is personal eye mom and I'll tell this I'm sorry there was a man
that I was working with and I was for some reason and upset with this
gentleman and I asked the Muse what you know because I
did this what you know it's gonna happen and she said you're gonna pull his beard out
right beautiful perfect classical Latin you will pull his beard out and I found
myself that day pulling his beard out long story short some caulking from insulation going on
this beard and he's panicking and they asked me to pull it out and I pulled his beard out and as soon as I realized that
I just pulled his beard out um the
the really how an understanding click with me of how
they were doing it in Antiquity so it's called the sortace it's called the sortace it's nothing I'm not you know
it's nothing hidden it's an old old necromantic practice if you look into the history of sortition you're going to
find that it's necromancers who are doing it right and why would you want to be necromancers because they're the ones
who talk to the Dead right you want to talk to you you want to talk to Odysseus
all right you got to go through a necromancer everybody knows that Odysseus knew that
let's go here's another one was there purple in the linen cloth oh who did
this that's great Gina Gina that's exactly the question
that's exactly the question that I'm asking you know
yeah was there purple Gina we can't
we can't jump we got to be good investigators we need
that cloth you know we need that linen with the purple in it we need that we need it with the purple in it God we've
gotta find we've gotta find somewhere that kid's Rag and where did we know
that rag or bandage on the doctor's side they're calling these things bandages
and we know they're impregnating them with drugs see this is the stuff they didn't want me to learn that I was
learning and you yeah right out of the brothels right out of the European brothels
yeah is where this is coming from oh God love it it's it's all sex drugs you know
to prevent um to prevent pregnancy and to reduce
venereal disease you ever seen an ancient case of herpes oh God I read a description of herpes
from Antiquity right we have antivirals now and whatnot but they didn't and
herpes was fatal did you know herpes is fatal oh my God you ought to read about the
spread of herpes does any yeah um are you ever gonna let young Go free
no um no young is mine that's why we kick down the doors and
you know took control of the text and we'd looked at the priests of young and
we said you gentlemen you were inadequate they can't explain
the red book no who said that yeah Rob Rob now Rob
not letting him go he belongs to us now see they can't read them people don't realize I'm gonna let you guys know this
please don't tell anybody please don't tell anybody there's a seal a magic seal
on what's called now the red book there's a magic seal on it yeah you can
find it look in the magician you know look in the magician and that seal becomes a cipher
for the rest of the book yeah you can't they can't explain the red book because they didn't dive deep
into the actual Greek language that
engine that's fueling all of this magic all right that is that is imprisoning
Carl yeah no he's still here he gets to stay with me for as long as I want and to be
honest it's kind of perverted I know but I kind of like to torture him I do I
like it he's like you let me go and I'm like no right okay stay chained
yeah if you want to tell somebody who is almond he's the guy who has young chain to his floor
yeah you know what we do don't Chewie right Chewie's laughing you know what we
do with Carl Jung oh God let's show yeah no let's not that was
that is just for the sake of pure prurient pleasure yeah yeah no we can't
do that we can't do that um we have time for one more did you find one more
um thank you uh I'm on I love you brother I love you
I love how you stand up and don't take no B I like that I like that I don't take no
B no who takes B ask Kip we don't take B
this is an art I've watched men and women struggle in
the arena of classical philology like Champions I'm not taking your
taken your yeah
um oops Punk Punk yeah okay people that think they know what they're telling you right no I
get it I get it brother I hear you I hear you that's Juan thank you Juan you
just created a fan you right me and Juan a little bit of satyrian
yeah a little busetarian some drums
Temple Aphrodite [Music]
let's go on let's catch Jesus in a public park with a naked boy let's catch him let's catch him and bring him out
show them to everybody Cardinal law got brought out got brought out in the light and shown to everybody
why because it's prison this is prison this is his punishment you mean your
life is your punishment whoa I thought it came afterwards no this is it
God lethal they come in and it's lethal from the beginning those Watchers I tell you they
poison your brain let's go to what um that one yeah this is the Quan or the
Kung Fu chops fantastic um what do you what do I think of
Nietzsche what do I think of Nietzsche um I think he's
he was a brilliant tortured um inspired
humble mud soaked mortal
and I thank his pain is kind of the pain of his life is kind
of the chord that runs through his song he
wrote the birth of tragedy I'll say one thing the birth of tragedy is a work of genius and every classicist who hasn't
read that should be spanked should be spanked like that on the buttocks
for not having read Nietzsche birth of tragedy now the Antichrist
oh gorgeous gorgeousness and gorgeousity love it love it um thus big zarathustra
yeah yeah enjoy enjoy a little bit of Stephen King
um because it pairs well with Friedrich Nietzsche
a little bit of Stephen King it's like they harmonize with each other it gets
really sexy if you can bring them together to see that invisible Viper ah it's lovely now I love these
any other questions I wanted people to be other no let's no one more chewy says wait I'll let you
call it Tie fighters are coming we gotta get out of here quick people are people have given me way too much of your time
I truly appreciate it Ryan thank you so much for those of you who have tried to buy
the chemical Muse and you can't because it's like six thousand dollars
[Laughter] right don't don't
right you can find it people people make deals with swashbucklers all the time
rise don't please don't you feed your family feed your family that's what's
important uh do that one please um what gym did Primus yeah go to yeah
what gym did breakfast go to um that's a great question
would you want to wrestle practice I think you want to leave him in his garden don't you
um I saw a thief come in once and there was a this is a
garden you know just typical house Garden nothing big but there's a Thief that
came in and the owner came out the thief was in the process of stealing he was in
Augustine no I wasn't August he was like Augustine but he wasn't honesty he wasn't as
fortunate as Ox did because the person Whose Garden this was reached up to
priapus took out his phallus which was in the shape of a club
and he beat the guy's brains out you know
yeah you have to guard the fruit and practice
is the guard of the fruit can we bring Primus back to the picture priapus is
the guardian of the fruit right when you have your child
no we're back what was that they're jamming us it's I told you they would
catch us we have to wait we have to run I think I just split my pants again
did anybody the microphone pick that up wow um that's yeah that's that's
um the project guardian of the garden right when you have your child is about to enter into
um Womanhood you have a celebration of priapus with her yeah so that she is able to obtain the
luck obtain the lock of what is life yeah love it we're looking I'm almond
and I'm looking for that Amazonian woman I'm looking for her I want you to be
able to see her she who who dances
dances in the Holy Orchard of Aries of Mars the God of War Mars The Avenger
Mars the Avenger it's all the same physics love it um next next season starts uh this
Friday should we yeah next season starts this Friday sorry Chewy's in charge does everything it's fantastic I recommend
that you yeah take advantage of your child's quick thinkery nice
um thank you um Friday we'll start and Friday what I'm going to do is I'm going to open up
with the juiciest sections of the transformation of John the
transformation of John I'm going to bring you that text nobody has it but I've got it for you and only the really
juicy dirty sections all right I want you to see the like the reality right
God you're gonna you don't believe me now but you're gonna love it thank you everybody it makes my night the only
thing I feel bad about is I wasted I wasted some of your time I should have
cut it down I'm sorry um have a good night and um hail Satan
anyways foreign